CTGT 

Industries

Finance 
AI governance that doesn't guess. It guarantees. 

Insurance

Deploy AI with zero margin for error in insurance. 

Media

Maintain editorial tone in all generated content, at scale. 

CPG

Brand voice precision across your entire product portfolio. 
About Us 
Research 
Deploy the Platform 

The deterministic layer for frontier intelligence 
Generative AI is probabilistic. Your business is not. We are the frontier lab opening the black box. CTGT replaces fragile guardrails with representation-level control that delivers the mathematical certainty and defensible audit trails required by the Fortune 500. 
View the Research 

Jan 16, 2026 

CES Top 12 Companies Redefining Personalization With Web3, AI, Robots 

Aug 26, 2025 

These AI-Skilled 20-Somethings Are Making Hundreds of Thousands a Year 

Aug 25, 2025 

In A World Obscured By Cloudy Models, Explainable AI Shines Bright 

Feb 20, 2025 

This 23-year-old AI startup founder raised $7 million from investors like Google's Gradient and General Catalyst 

Mission 
 CTGT's technology is built upon a deeper understanding of how AI models internally represent and process information. 

Policy as code 

CTGT converts your SOPs and regulations into live, machine-readable rules the AI follows automatically. Updates flow in instantly, delivering consistent, audit-ready outputs far beyond default cloud guardrails. 

Defensible audit trails 

Built for high-risk industries, CTGT validates every output against your policies with transparent, deterministic logic. Every decision is logged with a defensible audit trail mapped to your org’s exact structure. 

End model micromanagement 

Stop burning time on fine-tuning, RAG, and prompt hacks. CTGT governs model behavior out-of-the-box, giving you consistent, high-quality outputs without the 20–40% engineering overhead. 

Human in the loop, to automated remediation 

Choose exactly how much control you want. From human review on every flagged output to fully automated, logic-level remediation, CTGT adapts to your workflow—ensuring errors are fixed, not just found. 

Industry Perspectives 

Validated by the Architects of Modern AI 
From the creator of Keras to the leadership of the Fortune 500, the industry’s most demanding technical voices are aligning to CTGT's vision. 

CTGT at JP Morgan's IMF summit: Why Wall Street is moving AI to the P&L 
We joined JP Morgan executives, including CEO Jamie Dimon, U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Scott Bessent, and leading policy experts at the IMF/World Bank meetings to address Wall Street's fundamental shift: AI is no longer an innovation experiment, it's a line item on the P&L, right beside interest expense. 

 CTGT is productizing mechanistic interpretability. They make it possible to edit the behavior of LLMs to add safety policy guarantees without retraining, in a way that is much more reliable than simple prompting. 

François Chollet 
Creator of Keras, ARC-AGI 

“Governance cannot remain a separate process; it has to become part of the solution itself. CTGT illustrates this direction, leveraging the reasoning of LLMs while constraining behavior through policy-driven execution. This allows teams to move faster while satisfying regulators.” 

Naheed Kunnummal 
Chief Engineer & Managing Director, PwC 

 “The #1 problem preventing businesses from adopting AI is low user trust. CTGT is developing a novel approach that solves the unreliability and inherent limitations of modern AI to ensure it is trustworthy for business needs.” 

Mike Knoop 
Co-founder, Zapier, Creator, ARC-AGI 

“An absolute game changer for making LLMs more deterministic.” 

John Milinovich 
Head of AI, Canva 

“Interesting technique for dynamically modulating censorship and bias in models.” 

James Reggio 
CTO, Brex 

 We had a great time learning about CTGT. A very talented group to learn from [regarding the future of AI governance]." 

Joshua W. Johnson 
Deputy General Counsel, U.S. Cyber Command 

 CTGT is productizing mechanistic interpretability. They make it possible to edit the behavior of LLMs to add safety policy guarantees without retraining, in a way that is much more reliable than simple prompting. 

François Chollet 
Creator of Keras, ARC-AGI 

“Governance cannot remain a separate process; it has to become part of the solution itself. CTGT illustrates this direction, leveraging the reasoning of LLMs while constraining behavior through policy-driven execution. This allows teams to move faster while satisfying regulators.” 

Naheed Kunnummal 
Chief Engineer & Managing Director, PwC 

 “The #1 problem preventing businesses from adopting AI is low user trust. CTGT is developing a novel approach that solves the unreliability and inherent limitations of modern AI to ensure it is trustworthy for business needs.” 

Mike Knoop 
Co-founder, Zapier, Creator, ARC-AGI 

“An absolute game changer for making LLMs more deterministic.” 

John Milinovich 
Head of AI, Canva 

“Interesting techn