Cyberdesk | The computer use agent for Windows 

 Cyberdesk 

The computer use agent for Windows 

Developers in healthcare, finance, and more use Cyberdesk to automate EHRs, ERPs, and other legacy desktop apps. 

 Backed by Y Combinator 

Build faster 
Dead easy Windows automation 

 1 Install our driver. Works on any physical / virtual Windows machine, no firewall rules or VPN required 

 2 Write your workflow. Just in plain English, like explaining to a friend ("Open Epic, add a patient...") 

 3 Trigger via API. Our computer use engine takes it from there. Typescript and Python SDKs, scheduling, retries, and error handling built in 

Use cases 
Automate everything 
Developers in healthcare, finance, logistics, and more rely on Cyberdesk to automate tasks for their clients. 

 Healthcare Automate data entry and extraction into EHRs / EMRs 

 Finance Pull data from financial apps and file forms in accounting software 

 Logistics Read and write data into legacy ERPs and logistics portals 

Features 
The developer toolkit you've been waiting for 

Observability built in 
Your command center for desktop automation. Manage workflows, see run logs, and manage your machines. 

Intelligent caching 
Every repeated desktop task is cheaper, faster, and 100% deterministic, with smart fallbacks for edge cases 

Secure by design 
No firewalls, no VPNs, no proxies. Minimal exposure to your Windows environment 

Powerful APIs and SDKs 
Trigger workflows from your code, and we handle the rest 

FileW2.py 
ExtractPatientData.ts 

import { createCyberdeskClient } from 'cyberdesk';

// Initialize client
const cyberdesk = createCyberdeskClient('your-api-key');

// Create a workflow run
const run = await cyberdesk.runs.create({
 workflow_id: 'wf_123',
 machine_id: 'machine_456'
}); 

Enterprise-grade security 

 Security-first approach 
Security isn't an afterthought at Cyberdesk. Every aspect of our platform is designed with enterprise-grade security standards, ensuring your automations operate in the most secure environment possible. 
 View our trust center → 

Frequently asked questions 
Can't find the answer you're looking for? Reach out to the founders today. 

 Who is Cyberdesk for? Cyberdesk is most useful for developers and automation engineers who need to read and write data from legacy Windows software that lacks good APIs. 

 How much does it cost? Hop on a call with us! We'll collaborate with you to build a custom plan that fits your needs. 

 Do I need to be technical to use Cyberdesk? Just enough to be able to write a few lines of code. Creating the workflow is just plain English directions. 

 How is this different than RPA / PyAutoGUI / etc? We're built from the ground up on top of computer use models, AI models that use the computer like a human. You'll never babysit / debug an automation script again. 

 Do you support MacOS? Yes! Our driver works on MacOS as well. 

Book a demo 
Build your first
automation today 
Get started with a demo call 
 Book a demo 
 Self Serve Waitlist 

 Cyberdesk 

Product 
 Docs 
 Book a demo 
 Join Self Serve Waitlist 

Legal 
 Terms of Service 
 Privacy Policy 

© 2026 Cyberdesk Inc.