Keet - Automated enterprise onboarding 

 Login Get a demo 

Backed by YCombinator 
Onboard new customers in minutes. 
When new customers onboard to your service, use Keet to automate your manual data extraction, validation and upsert process. 
 Schedule a call Watch a demo 

What we do 
Automate your entire implementation process 
Your implementation managers shouldn ’ t be doing manual data extraction and validation. 

Extract 
Keet extracts all of the necessary data from any platform your customers onboard from. 

Validate 
Validate the extracted data for accuracy in our dashboard. 

Upload 
Directly upload the validated data to your platform. 

Don ' t keep new customers waiting 
Create a fully automated implementation process to get new customers onboarded faster. 

How it works 
Built to eliminate manual work 
Keet does all the heavy lifting of data extraction, validation and showing extracted data in a familiar format. 

1 

Your customer logs in to migrate their data. 
Your customer can either receive a link via email to migrate their data or you can embed button in your onboarding flow. 

2 

Keet extracts your customers data. 
Keet extracts all of the data from your customers previous platform and parses it in the format you are familiar with. 

3 

Your implementation team reviews the validated migration data. 
Your implementation team reviews the validated migration data and makes any final edits. 

4 

Upsert the extracted data to your platform. 
Your implementation team upserts the extracted data to your platform directly from our dashboard. 

Features 
Make quick onboarding your company's competitive advantage 

Data Security 
Your customers authenticate via a secure login portal and no data is stored on our servers. 

Map To Your Schema 
We map the data from your customer's provider to a single schema that you're team uses and is familiar with. 

Quick Implementation 
You can either choose to embed our React component into your onboarding flow or send your new customers a email with a link to migrate their data. 

Connect Universally 
We support all major providers and can build custom integrations for any platform you need to migrate from. 

Data Privacy 
We never store any end-user data and we never have access to you're customer's auth credentials. 

Dedicated Support 
We offer dedicated 24/7 support to work with you and your implementation team. 

Frequently Asked Questions 
We ' ve got answers. 

 What products do you support migrations off of? 

 In what formats can I receive my customer's data? 

 Are any usernames and passwords from my customers stored by Keet? 

 Can I self-host Keet's migration platform? 

Ready to automate your implementation process? 
 Talk to a founder 

Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy 

Support Email Phone 

Social Github Twitter LinkedIn 

© 2025 Keet, Inc. 
Built in the city