Multifactor | Secure Online Account Sharing for Humans & AI 

MULTIFACTOR 

 Why Multifactor? 
 Technology 
 Solutions 
 Resources 
 Company 

 Get Started Go 

MULTIFACTOR 

So much more than a password manager 
Share online accounts with humans and AI agents, just by sending a link.

 Get Started 

 Free forever 
 Cross platform 
 Easy to switch 

Backed by 

Backed by 

👋Goodbye Password Managers. 
Hello Multifactor. 
Password managers are broken. We changed the game with secure one-click sharing, instant revocation, and powerful agentic integrations. 

Password Managers 

Scattered Credentials 

Unsafe Sharing 

Untraceable Access 

MULTIFACTOR 

MULTIFACTOR 

Unified Platform 

Granular Sharing 

Detailed History 

 Get Started 

 The World's Best 
Account Manager 
Multifactor redefines zero-trust account management with fine-grained sharing, detailed audit trails, and a world-class security architecture. 

Unified Secure Platform 
Multifactor puts all of your online accounts at your fingertips in one secure, easy-to-use vault, available on any device you need it. 

Instant Access Control 
Because actual passwords are never shared, access changes take instant effect—no password resets required. 

Multi-Factor Management 
What's in a name? Multifactor lets you manage passwords, passkeys, 2FA codes, and more in one secure, unified vault. 

Fine-Grained Permissions 
Don't just share full access—share specific permissions, like “read transactions” but not “make transfers.” 

Detailed Event History 
See not only who accessed which accounts, but also what they did with them , paired with a digital signature that provides non-repudiable cryptographic proof. 

Zero Trust Cryptography 
Our zero-trust architecture uses advanced post-quantum encryption techniques to ensure that nobody else (not even us) can access your credentials without posessing all of your root authentication factors. 

 Get Started 

Early Access 
 Multi — The Secure 
Account Using AI Assistant 
Multi is an AI agent that can securely access your own accounts when asked, just by storing them in Multifactor. Strong access controls ensure you remain in control throughout the process. 

 Natural Language Commands 
Chat with Multi just like your favorite AI assistant. Watch as it securely uses your own accounts to automate tasks and provide personalized answers. 

 Cross-Account Access 
Multi can securely log in to any online account you have stored in Multifactor. No additional configuration needed. 

 Secure Account Use 
Multi loads your accounts in a secure, isolated cloud browser. Raw credentials are never visible to the AI or transmitted to third parties. 

 Strongly Enforced Permissions 
Multi can only access the specific account features you allow. You'll know as soon as it tries to do something new, so you can approve or deny the request. 

 Powerful Automations 
Create reusable playbooks that combine natural language commands and pre-configured permissions to automate complex tasks with a single click. 

 Get Started 

AND 

OR 

AND 

A Foundation of Innovative Research 
Multifactor is built on a decade of user-centric identity security research, focusing on cryptographic solutions that enhance security without compromising user experience. Our award-winning work, published in top academic venues like USENIX Security, PETS, IEEE EuroS&P, ACM UIST, and ACM CHI, is preferred over legacy identity solutions by end users and security practitioners alike. 

 Get Started 

 Frequently Asked 
Questions 

 How much does Multifactor cost? 

 How is Multifactor different from a password manager? 

 Is it safe to store all of my factors together? 

 How can I share accounts without sharing passwords? 

 Is it safe to share my accounts with AI agents? 

 What makes Multifactor “post-quantum” secure? 

 What accounts can I use Multifactor with? 

 What if I already store passwords somewhere else? 

 Get Started 

 Simple, 
Transparent Pricing 
All of our baseline features are free and unlimited for individuals and small groups. When you're ready to scale, our enterprise plans offer advanced features and dedicated support. 

Consumer 

Free 
Perfect for personal use 
 Unlimited accounts and passwords 
 Unlimited sharing with friends and family 
 Available across all of your devices Get Started 

Enterprise 

Custom 
For teams and organizations 
 Advanced auditing and compliance 
 Priority customer support and SLAs 
 Cloud RBAC and SSO integrations Contact Sales 

Ready to Experience
The Future of Account Security? 
The wait is finally over! Sign up today and be amongst the first to discover your new favorite account manager and portal to the agentic web. 

 Get Started Download Multifactor App 

MULTIFACTOR 

MULTIFACTOR 
Multifactor uses innovative post-quantum cryptography research to redefine zero-trust for the modern web. 

 Get Started 

Technology 
 MFKDF2 
 MFCHF2 
 MFDPG2 
 Switchboard 
 Checkpoint 

Industries 
 AI Safety 
 Healthcare 
 Web3 